fix: bump indigo header and footer versions (#143)
overhangio/tutor-indigo: changelog.d/20250424_181452_136305115+HammadYousaf01_bump_indigo_packages_versions.md

> - [BugFix] Bump Indigo Header and Footer versions to fix image build failure for mfe upstream master. (by @HammadYousaf01)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BugFix] Bump Indigo Header and Footer versions to fix image build failure due to React 18 upgrades in upstream MFEs (by @HammadYousaf01)
```
